remove use_mock_hardware from moveit launchfile (#853)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver: ur_robot_driver/doc/usage.rst

Mock hardware
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To test the driver on mock hardware with the example MoveIt-setup, first start the driver as described
`above <#start-hardware-simulator-or-mockup>`_.

.. code-block::

   ros2 launch ur_robot_driver ur_control.launch.py ur_type:=ur5e robot_ip:=yyy.yyy.yyy.yyy use_mock_hardware:=true launch_rviz:=false
   # and in another shell
   ros2 launch ur_moveit_config ur_moveit.launch.py ur_type:=ur5e launch_rviz:=true

Now you should be able to use the MoveIt Plugin in rviz2 to plan and execute trajectories with the

> robot as explained `here <https://moveit.picknik.ai/galactic/doc/tutorials/quickstart_in_rviz/quickstart_in_rviz_tutorial.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
robot as explained `in the MoveIt! documentation <https://moveit.picknik.ai/galactic/doc/tutorials/quickstart_in_rviz/quickstart_in_rviz_tutorial.html>`_.
```
